Create lwm2m-agent-1020-440-44-fixed-measurement-creation-for-multi-instance-lwm-2-m-resources.md (#3504)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-1020-440-44-fixed-measurement-creation-for-multi-instance-lwm-2-m-resources.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed measurement creation for multi-instance Lwm2m resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed measurement creation for multi-instance LWM2M resources
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4789
version: 1020.440.44
---

> Mapping LwM2M multi-instance resources to Cumulocity measurements now correctly creates a separate measurement series for each instance. Previously, only a single series was generated regardless of the number of values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping LWM2M multi-instance resources to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} measurements now correctly creates a separate measurement series for each instance. Previously, only a single series was generated regardless of the number of values.
```
